hey guys p squared here and today I'm
going to be going over some of the
changes that latest updates gonna make
I'm dark souls 2 it's gonna be update
1.03 it's officially been announced a
couple of days ago yeah it's yet to be
confirmed when it's gonna be
incorporated and released into the game
anyway let's get started with the
changes the first thing and probably
most important thing in my opinion is
that now when you play co-op and be a
defeat the area you actually get
returned back into human form which is
something that's always been like that
in Dark Souls 1 i'm not sure why it
wasn't like other start those i'm
guessing some sort of a bug but yeah I'm
glad that's happened the second thing
apparently there's a bug that in
dragging like castle apparently the door
when you need these souls too absorbed
it opened automatically for some people
there was a bug in the door would not
open enough to absorb in many souls oh I
didn't know this was a thing but I've
had it was so they fix that um and
sometimes where you try to create an
online when you try to join someone
online off you put your souland down and
it failed to summon you then it would
not allow you to put your sewing down
again for some reason like it just
wouldn't and he had to quit game come
back and the fix that is well there was
another thing that when you was getting
some endorse someone in a player to
fight the mirror night boss if you went
to the door while it was still trying to
summon him it would cancel and it would
not allow the player to join the world
the fix that is whales and even if you
go into the door after click and trying
to summon someone it will continue the
summoning and they'll be able to join
even if your tea in the boss fight
there's a deathmatch here apparently in
the undead purgatory but on the play
versus player arena thing the fix that
as well um you know as long as you had
to take off the convent wings when you
in someone else's world as a fan mmm not
sure why ever this would be a thing but
I'm guessing those some major reasons
whether to do this but yeah that's the
thing as well apparent there's a bug
that when you dropped an item and then
you try to pick it back up again it
would not allow you to do and it would
stay in venture useful for no reason so
that's been fixed as well um in the
things betwixt when the tutorial level
you all know there's a coffin that if
you gain and start the game any other
point in the game really near those two
hip hold things it would change the
gender of your character like if you
some melatonin to a female you could use
when everyone but no one really knew
what it does start the game simply cuz
it didn't ever a dialog box or anything
but now the battle is like a dialog pop
up when you do it and it'll explain what
it's doing basically the books fix
another bug that apparent in certain
locations they would not display the
bloodstains delusions and the messages
in that for no apparent reason I'm not
sure why but anyway the fix that as well
so that's good and there's also another
bug were certain locations of some
objects and items for just reset and it
is like
the respawn the same item back there
again for some reason I've never
experiences personally but apparently
that's the thing so that fix that as
well the display response time but the
character meeting has been improved so
get something just created a character
it makes the change is quick on the
displayed thing where you can check the
preview quick I'm glad that the next
week's it take quite well um bug where
the angle the tattoo chosen that the
carrot makin screen did not display
correctly it's being fixed I'm didn't
really know it says either but
apparently that's also a thing and the
response time at the start menu and
bonfire has been improved that I'm glad
as a thing a lot of you know it's when
you sat down at bonfire and that it took
quite well for the menu in had to come
up in the pores and shit so yeah that's
a good thing certain items not being
available at the shops a new game+ and
later it's been fixed I've only just got
the new game+ so I didn't notice this
yeah but Perry that's also something
someone placed no longer fall onto the
ground and Ethan Peaks um but then also
does not know such a thing but yeah if
any of you experienced fallen under the
mat when be in summer knees and Peaks
that's also been fixed bug which caused
souls to lost well quit did live protect
and ring has been fixed both which cause
um face icon displayed at the summons
time to be a different player has been
fixed um yeah I'm guess that could be
kind of important that it wasn't a thing
trophy icon for the guardian of for
fixed and controlling our vibrate when
guarding equip menu info and dark magic
has been fixed bug which caused players
to fall through elevator while using
binoculars is caught and casting spells
being fixed more than not that's the
thing is prof never used to binoculars
in this game but I'm pretty sure that's
everything I've got this off a post on
reddit so I'll leave that in description
as well so a lot credit we translated
off the offer Japanese site so glad
something did this I'm not sure when
this will be released exactly one
shortly soon if it's really been
announced a couple of days ago I hope
this was helpful with some of you and if
it was can leave a like and subscribe
and I'll see you next time